Fix tqdm total and update (#12889)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed support for `ModelCheckpoint` monitors with dots ([#12783](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/12783))

> - Fixed `TQDMProgressBar` total and update ([#12889](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/12889))

Author: ```suggestion
- Fixed `TQDMProgressBar` reset and update to show correct time estimation ([#12889](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/12889))
```
